minorities-in-tech.md, before:

# Minorities in Tech
Tech is a field that is still very much a white boys' club. I like collecting articles that eloquently describe various complications/struggles that minorities face in the tech field resources for minorities in the field.

## Companies Doing Good Work
- [Etsy’s Trying to Fix Tech’s Women Problem. Why Aren’t You?](https://medium.com/matter/this-is-the-last-thing-youll-ever-need-to-read-about-sexism-in-tech-56b9a3a77af0): "We need to throw out the hoodie-wearing boy-genius and build a new archetype."

## WTF Moments
- [Tech's Meritocracy Problem](https://medium.com/@jocelyngoldfein/techs-meritocracy-problem-a6e5e0a56157): Microsoft CEO dun fuq'd up.

## Inclusivity
- [Alcohol and Inclusivity: Planning Tech Events with Non-Alcoholic Options](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/alcohol-and-inclusivity-planning-tech-events-with-non-alcoholic-options)
- [Can We Stop Equating Success in Engineering with Acting Like a Man](https://medium.com/@trisha/can-we-stop-equating-success-in-engineering-with-acting-like-a-man-219130e12fd0): Succinct steps on how to 
- [Conference Diversity 101](http://conference.hopper.org.nz/): Fabulous writeup on conference diversity from the people at Grace Hopper. Lots of things to make sure you've covered.
- [Technical Interviews Are Bullshit](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/technical-interviews-are-bullshit): They tend to celebrate biases and prove only that you know Big O-Notation on a whiteboard - if that isn't what your company does, than who cares?

## Hiring
- [25 Tips for Diverse Hiring](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/25-tips-for-diverse-hiring): GMostly iterations on: Expand beyond your network. 

## Personal Stories
- [The Other Side of Diversity](https://medium.com/thelist/the-other-side-of-diversity-1bb3de2f053e): One woman describing the struggles of never fitting in in the tech scene.
- [Jesus and the Uber Driver](https://medium.com/@zeldman/jesus-and-the-uber-driver-37b29575bb85): Middle-class people shouldn't get to rate the lower class.
- [Tweaking the Moral UI](http://alistapart.com/article/tweaking-the-moral-ui): Personal story about why codes of conducts are so important.

## Odds and Ends
- [Dear Young Man of Color](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtHBUaLsXmQ&feature=youtu.be)

Commit message:

Where are the black designers

minorities-in-tech.md, after:

# Minorities in Tech
Tech is a field that is still very much a white boys' club. I like collecting articles that eloquently describe various complications/struggles that minorities face in the tech field resources for minorities in the field.

## Companies Doing Good Work
- [Etsy’s Trying to Fix Tech’s Women Problem. Why Aren’t You?](https://medium.com/matter/this-is-the-last-thing-youll-ever-need-to-read-about-sexism-in-tech-56b9a3a77af0): "We need to throw out the hoodie-wearing boy-genius and build a new archetype."

## WTF Moments
- [Tech's Meritocracy Problem](https://medium.com/@jocelyngoldfein/techs-meritocracy-problem-a6e5e0a56157): Microsoft CEO dun fuq'd up.

## Inclusivity
- [Alcohol and Inclusivity: Planning Tech Events with Non-Alcoholic Options](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/alcohol-and-inclusivity-planning-tech-events-with-non-alcoholic-options)
- [Can We Stop Equating Success in Engineering with Acting Like a Man](https://medium.com/@trisha/can-we-stop-equating-success-in-engineering-with-acting-like-a-man-219130e12fd0): Succinct steps on how to 
- [Conference Diversity 101](http://conference.hopper.org.nz/): Fabulous writeup on conference diversity from the people at Grace Hopper. Lots of things to make sure you've covered.
- [Technical Interviews Are Bullshit](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/technical-interviews-are-bullshit): They tend to celebrate biases and prove only that you know Big O-Notation on a whiteboard - if that isn't what your company does, than who cares?

## Black Cause
- [Where Are The Black Designers?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBuFCkmyYuA&feature=youtu.be): [3eighteen media's](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVpmqdHQZj7ocqhKUnGPf8w) in-depth explanation as to why blacks are so poorly represented in design.

## Hiring
- [25 Tips for Diverse Hiring](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/25-tips-for-diverse-hiring): GMostly iterations on: Expand beyond your network. 

## Personal Stories
- [The Other Side of Diversity](https://medium.com/thelist/the-other-side-of-diversity-1bb3de2f053e): One woman describing the struggles of never fitting in in the tech scene.
- [Jesus and the Uber Driver](https://medium.com/@zeldman/jesus-and-the-uber-driver-37b29575bb85): Middle-class people shouldn't get to rate the lower class.
- [Tweaking the Moral UI](http://alistapart.com/article/tweaking-the-moral-ui): Personal story about why codes of conducts are so important.

## Odds and Ends
- [Dear Young Man of Color](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtHBUaLsXmQ&feature=youtu.be)
