README.md, before:

# Library
If you're anything like me you have too many bookmarks, an overflowing Pocket, and a bunch of other things that are probably working organizing in some fashion. This is my attempt to wrestle that beast. Welcome to my library.

## Table of Contents
1. [Command Line](#command-line)
2. [Design](#design)
3. [Empathy](#empathy)
4. [Front End Development](#front-end-development)
5. [Mac](#mac)
6. [Women in Tech](#women-in-tech)
7. [Work](#work)

### Command Line
I use [iTerm2](http://iterm2.com/), [zsh](http://www.zsh.org/), and the [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) theme [halloween](https://github.com/helenvholmes/dotfiles/blob/master/halloween.zsh-theme), which I modded from [cloud](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/blob/master/themes/cloud.zsh-theme). I go more into mods and stuff in [Terminal](command-line/terminal.md).

- [Git](command-line/git.md): Resources for everyone's favorite version control from yours truly.
- [Markdown](command-line/markdown.md): Favorite documentation writing style of most developers, and also how one writes READMEs for Github.
- [Terminal](command-line/terminal.md): How to make your bland, boring terminal a lot nicer.
- [Vim](command-line/vim.md): A confusing, monolithic editor that people like using so they can brag about it. It's worth learning a few commands so that you can quickly edit things on the command line.

### Design
I mostly do web design but I've done a lot of other things as well - mobile app design, branding, print design, photography, drawing, and craftier things like DIY projects. I was a long time Adobe fan but lately I've been pretty enthralled with [Sketch](http://bohemiancoding.com/sketch/) for UI design and [Framer Studio](http://framerjs.com/) for prototyping. For photography I still find myself using [Lightroom](http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop-lightroom.html) and for drawing I've mostly been using [Paper53](https://www.fiftythree.com/paper) and [Paper53's pencil](http://www.fiftythree.com/pencil).

- [Books](design/books.md): Physical books on design that are worth reading, in my opinion.
- [Icons](design/icons.md): Lots of nice vector icon sets, some of which are free.
- [Photography](design/photos.md): Stock photography resources.
- [Sketch](design/sketch.md): Resources for [Sketch](http://bohemiancoding.com/sketch/), including the plugins I like using.
- [Sound](design/sound.md): Resources for sounds.

### Empathy
All good design takes into account the user, the people using your product. If you're not improving their lives, what's the point? Envisioning the end user, of course, is easier said than done; the following are articles about how to build products with empathy in mind and user stories from various people: [Empathy](empathy.md)

### Front End Development
Front End Dev is the majority of what I do. I normally will create a local server with the [command line](#command-line) and write code in [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/3). My favorite build tool is [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/), and the fanciest tool in my arsenal is [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/), which allows you to populate changes in real-time on save across a variety of devices. My current Gulp setup is a mod of [this gulp starter](https://github.com/greypants/gulp-starter) because I really digged how it used [Browserify](http://browserify.org/). I use [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) and have used a few different front-end frameworks but I'm ambivalent about most of them. My next foray will be into [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/).

- [HTML](front-end/html.md): It's hard to write HTML semantically and have everything memorized, but it's important that you put thought into it for accessibility reasons.
- [D3](front-end/d3.md): A super-impressive data visualization library with huge community support from [@mbstock](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock).
- [Javascript](front-end/javascript.md): I got into the game using only jQuery but quickly realized that things were much more complicated than simple DOM-manipulation. Javascript's come into its own over the past decade and is its own formidable language especially with the advent of [Node](http://nodejs.org/). This of course means that Javascript can be as dumb or as complicated as you'd like to make it for youself.
- [News](front-end/news.md): Where I look to find the newest things happening in web and mobile design/development.
- [Performance](front-end/performance.md): Performance is a tricky game, particularly with the rise of large front-end frameworks. Putting the effort into making your pages fast is however all the more important with the rise of mobile devices and if you're trying to reach as [large as audience as possible](https://twitter.com/scottjehl/status/568455416868421632). My favorite tool for this is [Google's Page Speed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/).
- [Responsive Design](front-end/responsive-design.md): Responsive design is the philosophy that you should only have one website that's accessible from a variety of devices.
- [Sass](front-end/sass.md): My favorite CSS preprocessor. I used [Less](http://lesscss.org/) for a time but Sass has better community support. I tend to use the SCSS syntax.
- [Style Guides](front-end/style-guide.md): A collection of code and design style guides.
- [Sublime Text](front-end/sublime.md): My favorite next editor for front-end development. This includes some of my favorite packages.
- [SVG](front-end/svg.md): Scalable vector graphics, which are a fancy way to have truly responsive elements on the web.

### Mac
- [General](mac/mac.md): Articles that have helped me use my computer be better
- [Applications](mac/applications.md): Apps I'm usin' that I like

### Women in Tech
- [Advancement](work/advancement.md):
- [Public Speaking](work/public-speaking.md):
- [Work Life Balance](work/work-life-balance.md):

### Work
- [Advancement](work/advancement.md):
- [Public Speaking](work/public-speaking.md):
- [Work Life Balance](work/work-life-balance.md):

Commit message:

Flesh out mac and minorities section

README.md, after:

# Library
If you're anything like me you have too many bookmarks, an overflowing Pocket, and a bunch of other things that are probably working organizing in some fashion. This is my attempt to wrestle that beast. Welcome to my library.

## Table of Contents
1. [Command Line](#command-line)
2. [Design](#design)
3. [Empathy](#empathy)
4. [Front End Development](#front-end-development)
5. [Mac](#mac)
6. [Women in Tech](#women-in-tech)
7. [Work](#work)

### Command Line
I use [iTerm2](http://iterm2.com/), [zsh](http://www.zsh.org/), and the [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) theme [halloween](https://github.com/helenvholmes/dotfiles/blob/master/halloween.zsh-theme), which I modded from [cloud](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/blob/master/themes/cloud.zsh-theme). I go more into mods and stuff in [Terminal](command-line/terminal.md).

- [Git](command-line/git.md): Resources for everyone's favorite version control from yours truly.
- [Markdown](command-line/markdown.md): Favorite documentation writing style of most developers, and also how one writes READMEs for Github.
- [Terminal](command-line/terminal.md): How to make your bland, boring terminal a lot nicer.
- [Vim](command-line/vim.md): A confusing, monolithic editor that people like using so they can brag about it. It's worth learning a few commands so that you can quickly edit things on the command line.

### Design
I mostly do web design but I've done a lot of other things as well - mobile app design, branding, print design, photography, drawing, and craftier things like DIY projects. I was a long time Adobe fan but lately I've been pretty enthralled with [Sketch](http://bohemiancoding.com/sketch/) for UI design and [Framer Studio](http://framerjs.com/) for prototyping. For photography I still find myself using [Lightroom](http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop-lightroom.html) and for drawing I've mostly been using [Paper53](https://www.fiftythree.com/paper) and [Paper53's pencil](http://www.fiftythree.com/pencil).

- [Books](design/books.md): Physical books on design that are worth reading, in my opinion.
- [Icons](design/icons.md): Lots of nice vector icon sets, some of which are free.
- [Photography](design/photos.md): Stock photography resources.
- [Sketch](design/sketch.md): Resources for [Sketch](http://bohemiancoding.com/sketch/), including the plugins I like using.
- [Sound](design/sound.md): Resources for sounds.

### Empathy
All good design takes into account the user, the people using your product. If you're not improving their lives, what's the point? Envisioning the end user, of course, is easier said than done; the following are articles about how to build products with empathy in mind and user stories from various people: [Empathy](empathy.md)

### Front End Development
Front End Dev is the majority of what I do. I normally will create a local server with the [command line](#command-line) and write code in [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/3). My favorite build tool is [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/), and the fanciest tool in my arsenal is [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/), which allows you to populate changes in real-time on save across a variety of devices. My current Gulp setup is a mod of [this gulp starter](https://github.com/greypants/gulp-starter) because I really digged how it used [Browserify](http://browserify.org/). I use [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) and have used a few different front-end frameworks but I'm ambivalent about most of them. My next foray will be into [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/).

- [HTML](front-end/html.md): It's hard to write HTML semantically and have everything memorized, but it's important that you put thought into it for accessibility reasons.
- [D3](front-end/d3.md): A super-impressive data visualization library with huge community support from [@mbstock](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock).
- [Javascript](front-end/javascript.md): I got into the game using only jQuery but quickly realized that things were much more complicated than simple DOM-manipulation. Javascript's come into its own over the past decade and is its own formidable language especially with the advent of [Node](http://nodejs.org/). This of course means that Javascript can be as dumb or as complicated as you'd like to make it for youself.
- [News](front-end/news.md): Where I look to find the newest things happening in web and mobile design/development.
- [Performance](front-end/performance.md): Performance is a tricky game, particularly with the rise of large front-end frameworks. Putting the effort into making your pages fast is however all the more important with the rise of mobile devices and if you're trying to reach as [large as audience as possible](https://twitter.com/scottjehl/status/568455416868421632). My favorite tool for this is [Google's Page Speed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/).
- [Responsive Design](front-end/responsive-design.md): Responsive design is the philosophy that you should only have one website that's accessible from a variety of devices.
- [Sass](front-end/sass.md): My favorite CSS preprocessor. I used [Less](http://lesscss.org/) for a time but Sass has better community support. I tend to use the SCSS syntax.
- [Style Guides](front-end/style-guide.md): A collection of code and design style guides.
- [Sublime Text](front-end/sublime.md): My favorite next editor for front-end development. This includes some of my favorite packages.
- [SVG](front-end/svg.md): Scalable vector graphics, which are a fancy way to have truly responsive elements on the web.

### Mac
In high school I got my first computer: a Lenovo Thinkpad with Ubuntu on it. I haven't used a Windows computer since. That said there are lots of things that surprise me about my computer, from Unix to Mac-specific things. Every couple of months I like to go through and up my computer-productivity. 

- [General](mac/mac.md): Articles that have helped me demystify my computer.
- [Applications](mac/applications.md): Applications I use that don't really fall into any other category but that I like a lot nonetheless.

### Minorities in Tech
Tech is a field that is still very much a white boys' club. I like collecting articles that eloquently describe various complications/struggles that minorities face in the tech field resources for minorities in the field. [Minorities in Tech](minorities-in-tech.md)

### Work

- [Advancement](work/advancement.md):
- [Public Speaking](work/public-speaking.md):
- [Work Life Balance](work/work-life-balance.md):
